{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Fsharp notes:\
\
1. arr.[*,1..2] slicing notation\
2. Convert arr.[] to arr[]\
3. Look at corrections from students\
4. Remove Reference cell operation (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-6.0/FS-1111-refcell-op-information-messages.md) \
5. Make cheat-sheet appendix\
6. Move from monoproject to dotnet or include both. Make an assembly introduction somewhere in the middle.\
7. Add System.Random\
8. Remove active patterns?\
9. Add Units of Measure (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/units-of-measure)?\
10. Add print format of binary numbers (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-6.0/FS-1100-Printf-binary.md) - in the printf section after string section.\
11. Show tuple, list, array definitions with linefeed instead of \'91;\'92. Should we discuss "undentation\'94 (e.g., https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-4.7/FS-1070-offside-relaxations.md)?\
12. Add string interpolation?\
13. Add open type-declaration (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-5.0/FS-1068-open-type-declaration.md)\
14. Add a discussion on tolerant slicing (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-5.0/FS-1077-tolerant-slicing.md).\
15. Add float literal without a dot (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-5.0/FS-1080-float32-without-dot.md).\
16. Add \'91uint\'92 type\
17. Include discussion on underscore literals (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-4.1/FS-1005-underscores-in-numeric-literals.md)?\
18. Add ToString override for discriminated unions and records (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-4.1b/FS-1022-override-ToString-for-discriminated-unions-and-records.md)? In the oo-part after discriminated union and record part.\
19. Should we extend the collection part? List.map2/3, Map, Set?\
20. Are we properly discussing anonymous records (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-4.6/FS-1030-anonymous-records.md)?\
21. Should we discuss wildcard as self identifier in class definitions (https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/blob/main/FSharp-4.7/FS-1046-wildcard-self-identifiers.md)?\
22. More about the \'93#r\'94 preprocessor directive.\
}